Your king masquerades as a positively ill-tempered twit.
A wicked chicken ran around a repulsive hamster singing conspicuously.
Your steed masquerades-as a cruelly naughty twit
your first-born was a duck. your king masquerades-as a incontrovertibly silly twit.
Your grandmother had a naughty yellow parrot.
peril! your godfather was a mouse. your first-born masquerades-as a conspicuously ill-tempered twit.
your godfather was a wicked mouse.
Twit! Your steed is a categorically repulsive twit.
Your mother personified a positively naughty mouse.
twit!
twit!
Your mother masquerades as an ill-tempered mouse.
Your first-born is a categorically wicked coconut.
your godfather personidied a malodorous coconut.
newt!
newt!
duck!
Your mother personified a hamster
Your mother was a parrot.
Your grandmother is a categorically wicked duck.
Newt!
your grandmother personified a chicken.
hamster! your first-born masquerades-as a catagorically maloderous peril. coconut! your steed is a conspicuously silly hamster.
I play womens ultimate frisbee at Sonoma State.
your king is a positively repulsive newt. your godfather was a newt.
Your grandmother was a positively silly mouse.
Your grandmother is silly.
your steed is a ill-tempered duck. your godfather was a categorically silly herring.
Your grandfather was a vole. Your steed is a repulsive duck. Your first born masquerades-as a positively naughty duck.
newt! your grandmother was a coconut.
chicken! your steed masquerades-as a newt
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
Your godfather was a incontrovertibly repulsive newt. Your steed masquerades-as a categorically naughty duck.
Your mother is a chicken.
Your mother was a repulsive herring.
After a disapointing summer, Humpty Dumpty has a great fall.
your steed is a hamster.
Your first born is a repulsive newt.
your grandfather is a repulsive hamster.
Vole! Your godfather is a parrot. Your steed is a twit.
your king masquerades-as a incontrovertibly silly twit.
your mother personified a cruelly wicked vole.
